HDFC Organo Optima Secure ICICI Lamb
Elevate and Aditya Birlas Active On Max
Let's understand which plan is better.
Mahavir [Music] Chopra The Founder and Chief
Executive Officer of Beshak Daughter
[Music]
OK.  So starting with the USP.  HDFC
Argos most talked about USP is their
Secure Benefit where you get a 2X cover
from day one.  So basically if you are taking a plan of Rs 10 lakh
then you get a plan of Rs 20 lakh from day one.  The
most
talked about benefit of ICICI is their unlimited sum
insured.  Meaning, all the options available to you as an option,
typically you have options ranging
from 10 lakh to 20, 25 lakh, 1 crore, 2 crore,
3 crore.  Similarly,
if you are taking a plan in the dropdown, you will
also get the option of unlimited sum insured.   That's
what ICICI introduces with ICICI
Elevate.  The next USP about ICICI
Elevate is their worldwide cover.  It's a
World Wide Cover add on.  Ah you have to
pay additional premium.  Typically, health
insurance does
not cover hospitalizations outside India.  In ICICI Lobard
if you are taking this plan you can opt
for this add on and with this you will be
covered for hospitalization outside India
also.  All the plans I looked at
either cover emergency hospitalization
or plan hospitalization.
In ICICI along with Elevate Both Kinds
of Hospitalization.  If you go out and
need treatment for some reason, you are
covered.  You are in India and you have been
prescribed treatment in the US.
That is also covered.  There
is a waiting period in this.  Obviously, that is something that
you have to understand.  The waiting
period is 2 years.  So for the first 2 years
when you take this plan, you will not be
able to use this option.  Even if you are
taking the add on then you will be able to
use it.  Separate cover is available which is
basically your sum insured is either Rs
3 crore whichever is lower.  Right?  Let's
understand the conditions.
I have told you the first condition.  There is a two year waiting
period.  Available only in cashless mode.
You have to go to their network hospital.
So this is slightly an issue because it makes it
very restrictive.  If you are outside
India and you have to go to a hospital, then you will have to first understand that it is
available in the network of
loberts only and then you will be able to
claim otherwise you do not have the option of reimbursement coordination is
very important
Aditya Birla does not offer this and HDFC
also does not offer this now moving on to a
comparable USP which is again something which is very talked about
Aditya Birla
Activ Max's most talked about feature that I keep
hearing about is their feature where they
offer a health management program this is
towards health returns you get returns
basically when you buy a health
insurance plan and you renew the
plan in between if you are basically
following the kind of things that Aditya
Birla ask you to do typically you have to do steps
if you do a minimum amount of
steps or basically you burn 300
calories in a single session or  If you do a 30-minute
gym session at one of their network gyms
or you do a health assessment,
you get points.
Using these points you can basically pay the
premium in the next year.  It can be as much as
the entire premium of your renewal.
Right?  So this means that with this
plan what Aditya Birla is trying to do is that
you live a kind of healthy
lifestyle and we will reward you with that through
points which can be used to make
your renewal premium zero right? Why will
an insurance company do this typically to
create a win-win situation? If you take
care of your health then obviously there will be
less hospitalization and because of that the
claims of the insurance company will come down.
Right?  ICICI Elevate also offers this but it
is a little different.  It's basically the same.
You get points
for certain things.  For daily steps, participating
in webinars, completing fitness
challenges and health assessments.
But there is a limit of 30% in this.  This means that
whatever your premium is for the next year, there can be a
30% discount on it.  In Aditya Birla
's case it may be 100% also.  Moving on
to something called Unlimited Sum Insured
option that is available in all these three
plans.  All the plans have an add-
on available through which you can have one claim
in your lifetime and your family's
lifetime and unlimited sum insured.  You will
not have any boundaries as it will be restricted to the sum
insured.
You will be able to use it
for whatever is the hospital bill.
Right?  Let's look at how these plans have a
different kind of add-on.  So in case of
HDFC Arg is Optima Secure.  If your
sub-insurance is below Rs 50 lakh, you
can use this once.  In case of 50
lakhs and above right it can be unlimited
SI for two claims in your lifetime.  So
they have handled this in a slightly different way
that you can do it twice also.  Yes, if
your sum insured is above Rs 50 lakh.
In case of ICICI the term is very simple.
Unlimited Sum Insured for Any One Claim
Use Only Once in Your Lifetime is what you need
to understand.  You have to opt for this add-on
only in the first 2 years.  Right?  I would even
suggest in case of HDFC you are also
opted in the beginning only.  You should not try
to opt it later because it could
basically go away.  In case of Aditya Birla
again same thing unlimited sum insured for
one claim.  Used only once in a lifetime.
Add-ons can be opted in only in the first two
years.  Right?  In a lot of plans that we are seeing where the
plan is sold through
multiple channels in some of these channels it is
a material add on also means when you are buying the plan then it is
coming as an add on.  Ok
?  OPD understands.  OPD add-on is also being
offered by all three insurance companies
in these three plans.  Let's
understand how it is being done.  In case of
HDFC Ergo it is offering
[nasal sound] only
consultations as a part of the add on.  You have to pay a
premium and you will typically
get free consultations.  There are both
physical consultations and tele consultations.
You cannot claim in the first 30 days.
After that you can claim.
In case of ICICI Lo LBA the rider is a little more
comprehensive it covers physical
consultation tele consultation diagnostic
pharmacy dental vision minor procedures mental
health counselling also SI
options are 5000 10000 15000 20000 25000
which you can choose when you are buying the plan
only the waiting period in this is also 30 days
only cashless is available I did
not tell this in HDFC only cashless will be available in case of HDFC Ergo
also you will have to do it by
going to the website or app in
case of Aditya Birla this add
on is not as good as I have talked about both of them.  But still let me tell you
that the add on covers only teleconsultations
unlimited times through their basically
network providers.  Meaning you have to go to the app
or the website.  You will never have to pay for tele-
consultation with specialists
or general physicians.
But obviously compared to these two other
plans.  It is not that comprehensive.
Right?  Because HDFC is offering physical
consultations and ICICI is obviously offering
the best in all these three plans.
Understand the core benefits.  Core benefits are
very high because that is where your major
hospital Bill Gates paid.  Room Rent Limit
Subcentre Core Benefit.  In case of HDFC
Ergo it's any room.  You do not have any room
restrictions.  In case of ICICI
Single Private AC room you can modify
to any room by paying extra premium.
Aditya Birla also offers an Activ Max that
you can choose from. Pre &
Post Hospitalization 60 Days & 180 Days
Pre & Post in case of HDFC Optim
Secure.  90 180 days in both ICI Elevat
and Aditya Birla Active and Max Day
Care Procedure Modern Treatment Organ
Donor All these three plans cover all types of
day care procedures and there is
no limit on the sub sum insured.
You can claim up to your sum insured
and there are no sub limits in
this right moving on to the temporary
exclusions Waiting period Waiting period is
that when you buy the plan,
not everything is covered from day one, gradually
some things get covered while you keep
investing in the plan There is a
waiting period of 30 days in all the three plans. When you
buy the plan for the first time, only accident is
covered in the first 30 days, after that
sickness is covered.  This is standard.
This will happen no matter which plan you buy.  PD
waiting period is same in all three cases i.e. 36 months 36 months 36 months.  There
is no difference.  Sons have kept the meaning of beans.  So let us
understand
what are the modifications of PD waiting period in all three plans.  The
first modification is that ICICI LBA allows
you to reduce your waiting
period from 36 months to 24 months and 12
months.  Meaning, if you have any disease and you need to
cover it quickly, then
you can cover it by paying extra premium.
This is a type of modification.  Then all
three are offering a specific modification
which I will tell you together.  This
modification basically reduces your waiting
period to either 30 days and zero depending
on the plan that we are talking about.  HDFC
Ergo for four listed conditions.
This is called A B C D.  Asthma, blood
pressure, cholesterol and diabetes.
For this, if you pay extra premium
then you get cover after 30 days.
Right?  In this, ICICI steps up the game a bit.  He
says I will give six instead of four.
So apart from the A B C D that I mentioned,
if there is a
gap of one year in obesity and basically angioplasty, then you can cover that also
by 30 days.  So you will get cover from 31 days.
Premium has to be paid extra.  There
is an add on.  After that you will be covered.
Now Aditya Birla goes one step further.
Basically Aditya, you get cover for A B C D,
obesity and
angioplasty which I said is available after one year gap
and if you get another disease after one COPD, you
also get cover for that and
interestingly your waiting period is zero,
it is not even 30 days, which means you are
getting immediate cover, in this also
you will get it obviously by paying the premium.  There is a specified
treatment waiting period which is
basically a list of diseases for which there is a
waiting period of first 2 years.
This is not a pre-existing disease.
Whatever disease it is,
you do not get cover for 2 years in the list written today.
In case of HDFC
[sound of clearing throat] ergo is 24 months.
In Aditya Balla's case also it is 24 months.
In case of ICICI Lamb also it is 24 months.   There is
an additional specified disease waiting period
in case of ICICI which everybody should
understand.  It's called the 90-
day specified disease waiting period for
basically one, two, three kinds of conditions.
Right?  Blood pressure, diabetes and cardiac
conditions.  So, if you do not have any of these three
diseases and you take this policy
but you get any claim for it in the first 90 days,
then the insurance company will
not pay for it.  Right?  That is something that needs to be
understood.  There
is a modification in the specified disease waiting period.   The
24 months waiting period that I have mentioned in ICICI Lombard can be
converted into 12 months by paying it.  This
feature is not offered by both the other plans, HDFC Ergo and
Aditya.  Claims
Experience understands
how good the claims experience is.
Understands two important ratios.  He understands
how good the speed of claim settlement is of all the 3 companies.
HDFC settles 96.63% of claims
within the first 30 days.  Meaning,
33, which is 4%, the claims
go beyond 30 days.  But this
percentage is decent and is quite good.  ICICI has
99.94% of this.
Meaning it is quite good compare to HDFC
dues in terms of claim settlement.  As the
bill is also not far from 99.90%,
HDFC Argo lags a bit in speed but otherwise it
is decent.  Let us understand the claim rejection ratio.
Claim rejection ratio is how many
claims and insurance company received.
How many they rejected.  Right?
In case of HDFC Ergo 2.47% I think by far this is
the best I have seen so far how many our
videos have been done.  So it is a very good ratio.   This
means that only 2.5% of the claims are being rejected.   The
total claims that are coming.
In ICICI case it is 14.11%.  Quite high very very
high specifically because this company
is quite old.  So the ratio should not be so high.  There should be
no rejection ratio.
So this is a red flat for ICICI LBA
Elevate ICICI ICICI LBA, actually whatever
plan you take, this is their ratio.
In case of Aditya Birla, 3.98% which is also quite
decent.  So 3.98% is also a good one.
I think among all the plans I saw, this one would also be
in the top two or three plans.  So that was
basically to understand claims performance.
Our effort was to tell you
who is good in claims, who
is good in speed, who is doing more rejections.
Now Understanding the Preying.  Pricing
means all these things that we have seen,
what are you getting?  Now let us
quickly understand what you have to give.   The
standard case of Mr. Kumar is 30
years old with a wife and one kid who is one
year old.  In Mumbai, the sum insured is Rs 10 lakh.
How much is the premium?  Quickly understand.
2435 for HDFC. If it has 2x cover
then instead of 10 lakhs you are getting 20 lakhs.
But obviously we will have to keep it the same for comparison.
So 2435 case of HDFCO Optava
Secure 13964
in case of ICICI LBA Elevate means
what ICICI has done is that they have given you a plan which
is bare minimum which
covers everything comprehensively but
whatever add on you want to do on top of that you have to
take it yourself hence the premium is very
low 13964 so in economic sense
they have made it very interesting
Aditya Birla Active On Max comes at
18984 so it is right between HDFC and
ICIC in terms of price unlimited care
and air ambulance have been included in it
because when we were calculating the premium then
these add ons were fixed
by the insurance company.  So these are also
included where we do this.  Now
coming to the most important part of
this video where we basically understand the
ratings of these three plans.  These
ratings are done by ILM Research which is
India's only independent insurance
research platform that does unbiased ratings
of all these plus going very deep to
understand each of these plus, each of these
insurance companies.
You can understand that all these
plans and these insurance companies are
compared in parameters 10X of all the ratios that I have mentioned.  After that we stack them
on a rating of five to see
where that company stands from zero to five.  There are three important
parameters that IM research looks at.
Product Benefits Customer Service Claims
Experience Quickly understand where
which insurance company stands on a
mark of lets from one to five where it is coming up is that
HDFC Organo Optima
Secure on Product Benefits gets 4.88
out of five one is the best in what I
understand 4.69 in case of ICIC Almarg
Elevat and Aditya Birla Active One Max
hits it out of the park five out of
five.  So these are the plans that ILM Research has
reviewed, the top most plan
in terms of delivery of product
benefits, it is coming down to Aditya
Birla.  So Aditya Bilal Activ Max is the
best in terms of product benefits.
Now Coming to Customer Service.
In customer service, we use toll free numbers and Twitter to
see how good the service is and
how fast the response is.  In customer service,
HDFC is rated 4.97 out of five which is
excellent.  4.14 in the case of ICICI
LBA Elevate Actually ICICI LBR and 4.54
in the case of Aditya Birla Health Insurance.
So basically HDFCO hits a great
number almost a perfect five with a difference of just 03%03.
So that's the comparison
between all these brands in terms of customer
service.  Now let us understand
what is Claims Experience?  4.93 in case of HDFC Square
4.27 in case of ICICI and Five.  Wow five
in the case of Aditya Birla.  So Aditya Birla is
now basically giving 5 out of 5 in two cases,
in product benefits and in claims, this is the
most important thing.
So it's a great kind
of a rating that it has got.  A. We
also take the rating of legacy here.  Typically,
legacy refers to how old the
health insurance company is.
What is their backing?  What is the backing of their group?
How many years have you been in financial services?
What is his experience at Omsman?  He
understands everyone too.  So in legacy, what is HCI
LB gates the highest 3.75.  HDFC gets 3.5
and Aditya Birla gets two out of five.
That is one more thing that we have added so soon because we have seen that the
company has a
very old legacy and the governance of their group is
very good.  So then the
chances of your claims getting disputed
become very less.  This is from our own
personal experience and our company's
experience group of us that prior singing
here and looking at health insurance
claims you have seen this happening.  So that's why
legacy is also part of the
ratings.  HDFC of all these ratings that we
talk about right?  What is the rating coming in the combination, a blend of product benefits,
customer service, claims, experience and
legacy
?
Overall this is what we are going to understand now.
HDFC R GoGo Optima Secure
Overall Rating which is the final rating is 4.58
out of five.  ICICI Elevate is 4.32 out
of five and Aditya Birla is 4.29 out of
five.  So everyone is quite close but HDFC R
Go Optima Secure basically takes a lead
in this case.  Now this rating that we talk about,
please understand is for a
standard person that we imagine there is a 30
year old Mr. Kumar, his family is
living in Bombay, he does not have any disease,
he does not have any budget restrictions,
accordingly we give a rating to
understand, so that you get an idea
that these plans are good, but
if you are trying to buy health insurance and
thinking of taking it, it is
very important to understand that you will have
your own profile, you will have your
own medical history, you will have your own
hospital that you want to cover as a part
of cashless network, you will have a lot of
other requirements like let's say a budget that
you have in your mind, right?  All these
things are at one place and the plans which
are available in the market are at one place.  It
is very easy to match it.  For this there are one of
the best experts available in the market
that we house on the platform.  You can talk to
these experts.  They will help you match your
requirements with the plans that are
available in the market.  They will guide you.  They
will answer your questions.  They will solve
your insecurities that you have about whether you will get the
plan or not?  Will I get the policy
claim or not?
What will happen if there is a dispute?  Will answer all the questions.
And then they will also help you in taking the plan
and will also stand by you at the time of claims.
If you want to take a
free consultation, there is no charge for this
consultation.  You can click on the link that
is available in the description of the pin
comment.  And basically our team will help you
with booking a consultation.  That's it.  That was
the comparison of all the three plans that
we are looking at.  If you have any questions come
in the comments.  Ask those questions.  Will be more than
happy to answer.  If you found the video
helpful, please click the like
button.  And to watch such videos and
for such advice and guidance, we
also make many short videos in
which we tell you some things like
how you can use health insurance properly,
what benefits are available, maybe
you don't know, then you
get to see it, so do subscribe to us, it will be
helpful, I will not disappoint you for sure,
thank you so much.